""Auto-scalling is the service in aws which is used to scale-in or scale-out number of instances
as per the demand/load. Auto scale provides us with scalabiltiy and elasticity.
scalabiltiy means to more resources to the exixting resources(cpu,ram) and elasticity means 
adding more power to compute resources.
We can create one or more EC2 instances which is called as auto-scalling group.

Types of Auto scalling-

>Target tracking
>simple scalling
>step scalling
>vertical scalling

Load-balancer - Load-balancer are the services in aws which is used to distribute the loads 
among different targets like EC2 , ECS and ip addresses.

Types of load-balancer

>Application load-balancer - It runs on the layer 7 of the OSI model.It is http/https based 
load balancer

>Network load-balancer - It runs on the layer 4 of the OSI model. It is Tcp/Udp based load 
balancer

>Gateway load-balancer - It runs on the layer 3 of the OSI model. It seats between differnt in applications
in AWS

Route53 - Route53 is highly scalable and available domain name system which provide buisnesses
and developer to route the end-user in in the internet by translating the domain name into ip
addresses. Route53 provide helth check option for all the services and also provide fault-taularent.
We can create dns records using route53

Type of dns record-

>A record
>cname record
>AAAA record
>c-type record

ACM - ACM is AWS certificate manager is used for issuing public ssl/ttl certificated in AWS
which are used by other AWS services.Certificates are used to communicate securely between the
applications.

Cloudformation - is a service that helps us to model and setup our resources so that we spend
less time in managing the resources and focus more time in on running the aws resources.
We can also create template and Cloudformation will provision and configure our resources

API gateway - API gateway is a service in AWS which is to create , manage and secure our 
API at any scale.

There are three types of API in AWS

>Http API
>Restfull API
>WebSocket Api


""