""In AWS there are mainly three type of storage service

> Block level storage(EBS)
> File level storage(EFS)
> Object based storage(S3)

EBS - EBS is a highly-sclable block level storage service in aws which is used to store data and is persistant 
means that the data remains even if the instance is power-off. EBS is availibilty zone specific 

EBS snapshot captures the point-in time backup of an inastance. Snapshots are region specfic
and are attached to an EC2 instance
The snapshots are stored in the s3 bucket

EBS volume type

>General purpose ssd(gp1)
>General purpose ssd(gp2)
>provisioned iops ssd(iop1)
>provisioned iops ssd(iop2)
>cold hdd
>magnetic hdd(Default)
>Throughput optimized hdd

EFS - EFS is the highly-sclable Elastic File System which is used to store files in aws.EFS uses nfs(Network File System)
protocol by which the file can share among the services over the internet.

S3 - S3 is the simple storage service in aws which is used to store and retrive data from anywhere
over the internet.S3 provides us with unlimited capacity of storage and while craeting a 
new bucket the bucket name should be unique as S3 is the global service. An user can create 
100 bucket per region.

S3 classes - 

> S3 standard - highly available , durable and frequently accessed

> S3 intillegent tiering - reduced cost my moving the data to another cost effective S3 classes.

> S3 standard IA - highly available , durable , infrequent access and runs over 3 availibilty zone

> S3 onezone IA - highly available , durable , infrequent access , runs over single availibilty zone
and cheaper than standard IA

> S3 glacier - archieved data , rarely accessed , retrival time in minutes or hours

> S3 glacier deep archieve - archieved data , rarely accessed , retrival time in hours

> S3 galcier fixed retrival - archieved data , rarely accessed and object are retrieved in 1 or 
2 year

> S3 glacier instant retrival - archieved data , rarely accessed , objects retrieved instantly 
in millisecond

Storage gateway - Storage gateway is a service in aws which is used to migrate on-prem appliences in
cloudbased storage services like S3.It provies on-prem servics to integrae with aws .

Type of storage gateway -

>S3 file gateway
> S3 volume gateway
> tape gateway
> s3 fsx gateway

S3 bucket policy - Bucket policy is used to control the access to the bucket in aws.Bucket
policy can only be applied to s3 bucket.

S3 versioning - versioning is the way of keeping multiple version of the smae object in S3.
By default versioning is deseabled. We need to enable the versioning while creating the bucket.

How you can send request to s3 ?

We can send request to s3 using AWS sdk wrapper libraries that wraps the amazon s3 REST API

How you can control access to s3 bucket?

we can control access to s3 bucket using

> Bucket policy - which can only be applied to s3 
>ACL(Access control list)- can be applied to both s3 and other aws services
>IAM(Identity and Access Management)- can be applied to only the bucket

Encryption - 

> server-side - AWS managed Encryption using s3 encryptd key or kms key(SSE-S3) or (SSE-KMS) in transit
client-side - used managed Encryption to encrypt the data in transit or rest

Instance store - Instance store are the high performance physcial disk which are temporarely attached
and it is empharical ie all the data that are stored in the disk are lost if the instances are
powerd-off


""